website/index.md, before:

---
layout: home
title: CyberSecurity Days 2020
feature_image: "/assets/images/cybersecurity.jpg"
---

CyberSecurity Days 2020 is the second edition of a two-day cybersecurity seminar to promote IT security in Denmark. The event is
funded by the [Centre for Cybersecurity](https://fe-ddis.dk/cfcs/Pages/cfcs.aspx) of the [Ministry of Defence](https://fmn.dk/eng/Pages/frontpage.aspx) and held as a collaboration among danish educational and research  institutions (AAU, CBS, DTU, KEA, and SDU).

The CyberSecurity Days are designed with the primary goal to provide participants with cutting-edge, comprehensive knowledge on the main issues and best practices related to cybersecurity; useful to both private citizens and organisations. Through active lectures and practical exercises, the participants will gain and develop the necessary knowledge and skills to understand the concepts and the technologies for achieving security in IT systems---examples include threat analysis, avoidance, and mitigation (both at the technical and business level), as well as data security management (authenticity, confidentiality, integrity, privacy, etc.).

CyberSecurity Days also serve as a place where industry, public companies, students, and institutions can meet, discuss about cybersecurity and informally explore future collaborations. It is a special occasion to talk to experts on cybersecurity and network with professionals from industry, academia, and the public sector.

{% comment %}
Edition 2020 of CyberSecurity Days will take place from October 29th to October 31st, 2020 at the [University of Southern Denmark, Campusvej 55, 5230 Odense M, Denmark](/attending). 

There are no strict prerequisites for the attendance; however, the seminar will be mainly targeted to people working in fields related to information and communication technology. The lectures will be given either in Danish or in English; in case non-Danish speaking attendees are present, lectures will be given in English.

For the exercise sessions, participants are asked to bring their own laptop.

The participation fee is 800 DKK (tax excluded) and it includes: meals, coffee breaks, and a reception held after the lectures of the first day (October 22nd - see the [program page](/program)).

Please note, places are limited to 50 participants and they will be allocated on a first-come-first-served basis.

{% endcomment %}

Commit message:

tentative program, fees and registration date

website/index.md, after:

---
layout: home
title: CyberSecurity Days 2020
feature_image: "/assets/images/cybersecurity.jpg"
---

CyberSecurity Days 2020 is the second edition of a two-day cybersecurity seminar to promote IT security in Denmark. The event is
funded by the [Centre for Cybersecurity](https://fe-ddis.dk/cfcs/Pages/cfcs.aspx) of the [Ministry of Defence](https://fmn.dk/eng/Pages/frontpage.aspx) and held as a collaboration among danish educational and research  institutions (AAU, CBS, DTU, KEA, and SDU).

The CyberSecurity Days are designed with the primary goal to provide participants with cutting-edge, comprehensive knowledge on the main issues and best practices related to cybersecurity; useful to both private citizens and organisations. Through active lectures and practical exercises, the participants will gain and develop the necessary knowledge and skills to understand the concepts and the technologies for achieving security in IT systems---examples include threat analysis, avoidance, and mitigation (both at the technical and business level), as well as data security management (authenticity, confidentiality, integrity, privacy, etc.).

CyberSecurity Days also serve as a place where industry, public companies, students, and institutions can meet, discuss about cybersecurity and informally explore future collaborations. It is a special occasion to talk to experts on cybersecurity and network with professionals from industry, academia, and the public sector.

Edition 2020 of CyberSecurity Days will take place from October 29th to October 31st, 2020 at Cortex Lab, Cortex Park 24, 5230 Odense M, Denmark. 

There are no strict prerequisites for the attendance; however, the seminar will be mainly targeted to people working in fields related to information and communication technology. The lectures will be given either in Danish or in English; in case non-Danish speaking attendees are present, lectures will be given in English.

For the exercise sessions, participants are asked to bring their own laptop.

The participation fee is 1000 DKK (tax excluded) and it includes meals and coffee breaks.  A reduced fee of 250 DKK (tax excluded) is available to students for a maximum of 20 places.
Please note, places are limited to 70 participants and they will be allocated on a first-come-first-served basis.
